doc: add pitch doc to be released on bolt.fun (#326)
itchysats/10101: docs/ppp/pitch-23112022.md

Bitcoin gave us the right tools already: your keys, your coins.

Following this core principle we are reshaping the world of finance. One App, All things Bitcoin

- A mobile wallet to send and receive bitcoin on-chain and off-chain
- Noncustodial CFD trading built in from the get go: go long on Bitcoin without fearing to lose your money due to an exchange hack
- Noncustodial lending and savings to come later-on

## The pitch video

[https://rumble.com/v1wkrpc-10101-legends-of-lightning-pitch.html](https://rumble.com/v1wkrpc-10101-legends-of-lightning-pitch.html)
[https://pdfhost.io/v/iI913GRTC\_101011\_2](https://pdfhost.io/v/iI913GRTC_101011_2)

## The tech 📲💻

- Mobile App built with Flutter and rust-lightning enhanced with DLCs
  - A lightning full node right on your phone

## The next steps

1. Evaluate

   1. With the outcome of the tournament we want to collect feedback from users to learn how to build the right product

2. Build MVP

   1. Once collected, it's all about building the product right. We aim for a ready-to-use MVP in Q1/23

3. Launch public beta

   1. Once stable, we will launch a public beta. This is aimed around Q3/23

4. Scale

>    1. Once out in the public, we will launch and focus on scaling and adding new features

Reviewer: 🔧 

```suggestion
   1. Once out in public, we will launch and focus on scaling and adding new features
```

  - [https://makers.bolt.fun/profile/461/mariusz](https://makers.bolt.fun/profile/461/mariusz)

- luckysori, aka Lucas

  - [https://github.com/luckysori](https://github.com/luckysori)
  - [https://makers.bolt.fun/profile/534/luckysori](https://makers.bolt.fun/profile/534/luckysori)

## The links

GitHub Project

- [https://github.com/itchysats/10101/](https://github.com/itchysats/10101/)

PPPs

- Week 1: [https://makers.bolt.fun/story/ppps-week-1-tentenone--218](https://makers.bolt.fun/story/ppps-week-1-tentenone--218)
- Week 2: [https://makers.bolt.fun/story/ppps-week-2-tentenone--264](https://makers.bolt.fun/story/ppps-week-2-tentenone--264)
- Week 3: [https://makers.bolt.fun/story/ppps-week-3-10101--307](https://makers.bolt.fun/story/ppps-week-3-10101--307)
- Week 4: [https://makers.bolt.fun/story/ppps-week-4-10101--351](https://makers.bolt.fun/story/ppps-week-4-10101--351)
- Week 5: [https://makers.bolt.fun/story/ppps-week-5-10101--397](https://makers.bolt.fun/story/ppps-week-5-10101--397)
- Week 6: [https://makers.bolt.fun/story/ppps-week-6-10101--426](https://makers.bolt.fun/story/ppps-week-6-10101--426)

Other posts

> - Your lightning powered journey to non-custodial CFD trading [https://makers.bolt.fun/story/your-lightning-powered-journey-to-non-custodial-cfd-trading--268](https://makers.bolt.fun/story/your-lightning-powered-journey-to-non-custodial-cfd-trading--268)

Reviewer: 🔧 
```suggestion
- Your Lightning-powered journey to non-custodial CFD trading [https://makers.bolt.fun/story/your-lightning-powered-journey-to-non-custodial-cfd-trading--268](https://makers.bolt.fun/story/your-lightning-powered-journey-to-non-custodial-cfd-trading--268)
```

## The project

**10101** (speaks, **Ten** **Ten** **One**). One App, All Things Bitcoin!

> 10101 is a non-custodial Lightning wallet infused with financial services such as CFD trading, sports betting and savings.

Reviewer 2: And a section that describes what tech was used. I think it's especially important to mention that we package a Lightning node into a Fluttter app. I would mention that all calculations + Lightning node are rust code (with the node based on LDK + rust-lightning).
They seem to care about this :)

## The team

We are a group of 5 developers who initially built [ItchySats](https://itchysats.network/) together. Now we are bringing non-custodial financial services to Lightning onto your phone.

- bonomat, aka Philipp

>   - [https://github.com/bonomat](https://github.com/bonomat)

Reviewer 2: I feel this section is quite dominant because all these links are there, maybe we can hide the links and use text?

  - [https://makers.bolt.fun/profile/363/bonomat](https://makers.bolt.fun/profile/363/bonomat)

- da-kami, aka Daniel

  - [https://github.com/da-kami](https://github.com/da-kami)
  - [https://makers.bolt.fun/profile/381/daniel](https://makers.bolt.fun/profile/381/daniel)

- holzeis, aka Richard

  - [https://github.com/holzeis](https://github.com/holzeis)
  - [https://makers.bolt.fun/profile/408/holzeis](https://makers.bolt.fun/profile/408/holzeis)

- klochowicz, aka Mariusz

  - [https://github.com/klochowicz](https://github.com/klochowicz)
  - [https://makers.bolt.fun/profile/461/mariusz](https://makers.bolt.fun/profile/461/mariusz)

- luckysori, aka Lucas

  - [https://github.com/luckysori](https://github.com/luckysori)
  - [https://makers.bolt.fun/profile/534/luckysori](https://makers.bolt.fun/profile/534/luckysori)

## The next steps

![](https://imagedelivery.net/wyrwp3c-j0gDDUWgnE7lig/166aa91f-7136-4f4e-e35e-d4b1a7eefc00/public)

1. Evaluate

>    1. With the outcome of the tournament we want to collect feedback from users to learn how to build the right product

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. With the outcome of the tournament we will to collect feedback from users to learn more about the users and the product needs
```

Note: I feel this sounds like we are not sure who we are targeting. Maybe change it to:

```
1. With the outcome of the tournament we want to collect more user feedback to learn more about our target user group and their product needs
```

Our target user group is changing with 10101, I think this should come out when we write it.

2. Build MVP

>    1. Once collected, it's all about building the product right. We aim for a ready-to-use MVP in Q1/23

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. Once collected, it's all about building the product right. We aim for a ready-to-use `mainnet` MVP in Q1/23
```

I think it would be good to highlight that we want this to be usable with real Bitcoin soon!
I feel you imply that with `ready-to-use`, but I would state it more explicit.

3. Launch public beta

   1. Once stable, we will launch a public beta. This is aimed around Q3/23

4. Scale

   1. Once out in the public, we will launch and focus on scaling and adding new features

## The links

GitHub Project

> - [https://github.com/itchysats/10101/](https://github.com/itchysats/10101/)

Reviewer 3: How about adding a link directly to our github releases?

- Week 6: [https://makers.bolt.fun/story/ppps-week-6-10101--426](https://makers.bolt.fun/story/ppps-week-6-10101--426)

Other posts

- Your lightning powered journey to non-custodial CFD trading [https://makers.bolt.fun/story/your-lightning-powered-journey-to-non-custodial-cfd-trading--268](https://makers.bolt.fun/story/your-lightning-powered-journey-to-non-custodial-cfd-trading--268)
- How 10101 is bringing CFDs to Lightning [https://makers.bolt.fun/story/how-10101-is-bringing-cfds-to-lightning--352](https://makers.bolt.fun/story/how-10101-is-bringing-cfds-to-lightning--352)
- Milestone 0.1.0 First minor release of the 10101 Wallet [https://makers.bolt.fun/story/milestone-010-first-minor-release-of-the-10101-wallet--355](https://makers.bolt.fun/story/milestone-010-first-minor-release-of-the-10101-wallet--355)

Public chat

- [https://matrix.to/#/%23tentenone%3Amatrix.org](https://matrix.to/#/%23tentenone%3Amatrix.org)

### The vision

- Sex is great, but have you tried noncustodial finance? [https://makers.bolt.fun/story/sex-is-great-but-have-you-tried-noncustodial-finance--430](https://makers.bolt.fun/story/sex-is-great-but-have-you-tried-noncustodial-finance--430)

> ## The pitch video

Reviewer 3: That's the meat of this post. I would move that up! right after the problems and solutions section (written pitch)

[https://rumble.com/v1wkrpc-10101-legends-of-lightning-pitch.html](https://rumble.com/v1wkrpc-10101-legends-of-lightning-pitch.html)

> ## The slides

Reviewer 3: How about combining this section with the links (and keep it at the end)?
